1. Why do we need static keyword in java Explain with an example ?
    - The static keyword in java helps in memory management. If we want to have a common resources
        (like - member method/variable/block/class) we can actually declare them as static.
        In doing so the static resource is shared among all the instances of the class and
        by this way we dont have to allocate same amount of memory for every instance that we create.

2. What is class loading and how does the java program actually executes ?
    - The "Class Loader Subsystem" handles the class loading.
        it has 3 steps in general :-
            1. Loading : here the class file is loaded using the class path provided. there are 
                    different types of loaders based on the type of file it uses for classpath.
            2. Linking : first bytecode is verified in this step. Then for all the static variables 
                    memory gets allocated and is assigned with JVM default values.
            3. Initialization : This is the final phase of classloader subsystem.
                    Here all static variables will be assigned with original values and the 
                    static block gets executed even before the main method is invoked.

3. Can we mark a local variable as static ?
    - No we can't mark a local variable as static as static variables are declared at the class level.

4. Why is the static block executed before the main method in java ?
    - The static block gets executed before the main method because the execution of static block falls
     in the classloader subsystem's responsibility and
     Since the JVM starts up by creating an initial class, in classloader subsystem, the JVM 
     then links the initial class, initializes it, and invokes the public class 
     method void main(String[]). The invocation of this method drives all further execution.
     Hence, the execution of static block happens first and then the main() method is invoked.

5. Why is a static method also called a class method ?
    - The static method is also called a class method because it is actually a property of A
        class and which is invoked using the class reference outside the class and directly
        inside the class without using any instance of the class.
        it is also shared among all the instances of the class.

6. What is the use of Static blocks in java ?
    - In general java static blocks are used to initialize the static variables of the class.
    also if we want a certain line of code or logic to be executed before the main() method
    gets invoked we can place that in the static block as the static block gets
    executed before the main() method.

7. Difference between Static and Instance Variables ?
    - Static Variables :
        . share among all instances of the class.
        . can be accessed using the class name without creating any instance of the class.
        . stored in the method area of the JVM.
        . Should be declared inside the class but outside any method/block/constructor.
        . Static variables will be created at the time of class loading and destroyed at the time 
            of class unloading hence the scope of the static variable is exactly the same as the 
            scope of the ".class file" .
        . static variables can be accessed only from both static as well as instance areas directly.
        . We can access static variables eitheir by class name or by object reference.
        
      Instance Variables :
        . If the value of a variable is varied from object to object such types of variables 
            are called instance variables.
        . They are created at the time of object creation and destroyed at the time of 
            object destruction.
        . The Scope of instance variable is same as the scope of the objects.
        . Instance variables will be stored on the "Heap area" as part of the object.
        . Should be declared within the class directly but outside of any method/block/constructor.
        . Instance variables can be accessed directly from the Instance area. But cannot 
            be accessed directly from a static area.
        . But by using object reference we can access instance variables from static area.

8. Difference between Static and non Static members ?
    - Static data members :
        . They are declared using keyword "static".
        . They can be accessed eitheir directly or by using the class name or the Object reference.
        . All Objects share the same copy of the static data members.
        . declared at the class level.
      Non Static members :
        . They are declared without the keyword "static".
        . They can be accessed eitheir directly or by using object reference.
        . All objects have their own copy of the non-static data members, any change in 
            one reference does not effects the other.
        . declared at the class level.