. String class is present in the "java.lang.String" package.
. we don't need to import the "java.lang" package in our program as we can directly use it.
. String - in java is an "object" hence it is also stored in "Heap Memory".

. "String Constant Pool" :-
    - String Pool in Java is a special storage space in Java Heap memory where string literals are stored.
     It is also known by the names - "String Constant Pool" or "String Intern Pool". 
     Whenever a string literal is created, the JVM first checks the String Constant Pool 
     before creating a new String object corresponding to it.

    Need of String Constant Pool :-
        . When we create a String object, it uses some amount of space in the heap memory.
        . Let's say we are creating n number of String objects with the same value, 
            and distinct memory is allocated to each of these string objects 
            (though they all contain the same string).
        . This is an inefficient usage of heap memory. In order to escalate the performance of 
            our code and reduce memory usage, JVM optimizes the way in which strings are stored with 
            the help of a string constant pool.

    Advantages of String Pool in Java :-
        1. Java String Pool allows "caching" of string. 
            Caching here is the process of storing data in a cache. Cache improves performance 
            and reduces memory usage.
        2. Provides "reusability" : It saves time to create a new string if there is already a 
            string with the same value present in the pool. The old string is reused, 
            and its reference is returned.

    Why did the String pool move from "PermGen" to the "normal heap area" ? 
        . PermGen space is limited, the default size is just 64 MB. it was a problem with creating 
            and storing too many string objects in PermGen space. That’s why the String pool 
            was moved to a larger heap area.

. Ways to Create Strings :-
    1. String literal
    2. Using new keyword
    3. Using String.intern() method :
        => In this method, First the String object is created(outside String Poll) then the JVM 
            looks for the string value in string pool if the value is already present in the pool
            then the reference to String Pool value/object is returned
            otherwise,
            the String created string object (outside the pool) is actually 
            added to the string pool.

. Types of Sting Object in java :-
    1. Mutable (can be modified)
    2. Immutable (cannot be modified) :
            - example
                String name = "Data";
                    // the above string object is created in the "String Pool" in the heap area.
                    // this type of String object doesn't allows duplication.
                        eg :- String name1 = "nikhil";
                              String name2 = "nikhil";
                              . the 2 variables here actually point to same memory address
                              inside the "String memory Pool".
                              . this is why (name1 == name2) => "True"
                              bcz in this method no matter how many variables we create,
                              if the value is same no new memory will get allocated
                              instead each variable will point to same address.

                String name = new String("Nikhil");
                                or
                Char ch = {'a', 'b', 'c', 'd'};
                String name = new String(ch);
                    // the above String object is created in the heap area too, but outside the 
                        string pool.
                    // this type of string object allows duplication.
                        eg :- String name1 = new String("Nikhil");
                              String name2 = new String("Nikhil");
                              . there will be 2 different memory address allocated for the 2 diff
                              variables eventhough they both have same value.
                              . this is the reason why (name1 == name2) gives => "False"  
                              . but (name1.equals(name2)) => "True"
                
          